what is hey I remember Lagasse and I
hope you have your passport ready
because tonight we're traveling to the
southern most tip of Spain to the region
of endlesssea oh wait this stuff is
killer just wait and see
welcome thanks what have you
I play nice to have you doc Gibbs and
cliff we're gonna have a good time
tonight and we're gonna travel down the
road a little bit to Andalusia
welcome back everybody celebrating
Andalusia Spain tonight the food of that
special musical guest tonight Maurice
sadaqa nice to have you and of course
the unbelievable doc kid and
once this was pureed as the despacho
base always in Spain
welcome back everybody Emeril Lagasse
and tonight it's a taste of Andalusia
Spain and we have our musical guest
Maurice sadaqa with us tonight
and of course everybody
hey welcome back everybody give it up
for Maurice sadaqa the incredible dot
Gibbs didn't quit
and because joining us we are doing some
food inspired from Andalusia Spain and
I'm gonna finish this melon
on the back everybody emeril lagasse
here with kicking screen up all kinds of
noises
BAM like that take a little more time
though like this today
I wanna thank everybody for joining me
tonight